<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="ant-build-parameters">
  <title>Ant build parameters</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>The table below gives a list of the ant build parameters supported by the MiramoPDF DITA-OT
      plugin, which may be used to configure aspects of the PDF publishing process..</p>
    <table>
      <title>ant build parameters used by the Miramo DITA-OT plugin</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="29*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="27*"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="43*"/>
        <thead valign="top">
          <row>
            <entry valign="middle">
              <p>ant parameter</p>
            </entry>
            <entry valign="middle">
              <p>Default value</p>
            </entry>
            <entry valign="middle">
              <p>Description</p>
            </entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody valign="top">
          <row>
            <entry>args.input</entry>
            <entry>${cf}</entry>
            <entry>Specifies the master file for your documentation project.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>clean.temp</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether DITA-OT deletes the files in the temporary directory after it
              finishes a build. Allowed values: "yes" (default) "no" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>dita.dir</entry>
            <entry>${configured.ditaot.dir}</entry>
            <entry>Specifies where DITA-OT is installed.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>dita.temp.dir</entry>
            <entry>${cfd}/mmtmp</entry>
            <entry>Specifies the location of the temporary directory.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:cwd</entry>
            <entry>${cfd}</entry>
            <entry>Current working directory for running MiramoPDF, defaults to folder containing
              dita input Sample values: "" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:mfd.file</entry>
            <entry>default.mfd</entry>
            <entry>Miramo MFD template file, located in ${mfd.dir}, eg default.mfd Sample values:
              "default.mfd" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:showProperties</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to include PDF tooltips showing Miramo format definitions; N for
              production Allowed values: "Y" (default) "N" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>output.dir</entry>
            <entry>${cfd}</entry>
            <entry>Specifies the name and location of the output directory.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>pdf.file</entry>
            <entry>${cfn}.pdf</entry>
            <entry> Sample values: "${cfd}/${cfn}.pdf" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>transtype</entry>
            <entry>mmpdf</entry>
            <entry>Specifies the output format (transformation type).</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.debug</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether debugging information is included in the log. Allowed values:
              "yes" "no" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.draft</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether the content of and elements is included in the output. Allowed
              values: "yes" "no" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.figurelink.style</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies how cross references to figures are styled in output. Allowed values:
              "NUMBER" "TITLE" "NUMTITLE" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.filter</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies a filter file to be used to include, exclude, or flag content.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.gen.task.lbl</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies whether to generate headings for sections within task topics. Allowed
              values: "YES" "NO" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.grammar.cache</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether the grammar-caching feature of the XML parser is used. Allowed
              values: "yes" (default) "no" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.input.dir</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies the base directory for your documentation project.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.output.base</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies the name of the output file without file extension.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.rellinks</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies which links to include in the output. Allowed values: "none" - No links
              are included. "all" - All links are included. "noparent" - Parent links are not
              included. "nofamily" - Parent, child, next, and previous links are not included.
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>args.tablelink.style</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies how cross references to tables are styled. Allowed values: "NUMBER"
              "TITLE" "NUMTITLE" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>clean.output</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>The parameter to specify whether or not to clean the output directory before each
              build. Allowed values: "yes" "no" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>conserve-memory</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
            <entry>Conserve memory at the expense of processing speed Allowed values: "true" "false"
              (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>default.language</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies the default language for source documents.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>dita.input.valfile</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Specifies a filter file to be used to include, exclude, or flag content.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>filter-stage</entry>
            <entry>early</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether filtering is done before all other processing, or after key and
              conref processing. Allowed values: "early" (default) "late" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>fix.external.refs.com.oxygenxml</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
            <entry>The DITA Open Toolkit usually has problems processing references that point to
              locations outside of the processed DITA Map directory. This parameter is used to
              specify whether or not the application should try to fix such references in a
              temporary files folder before the DITA Open Toolkit is invoked on the fixed
              references. The fix has no impact on your edited DITA content. Allowed values: "true"
              "false" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>force-unique</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
            <entry>Generate copy-to attributes to duplicate topicref elements. Allowed values:
              "true" "false" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>generate.copy.outer</entry>
            <entry>1</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether to generate output files for content that is not located in or
              beneath the directory containing the DITA map file. Allowed values: "1" (default) - Do
              not generate output for content that is located outside the DITA map directory. "3" -
              Shift the output directory so that it contains all output for the publication.
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>generate-debug-attributes</entry>
            <entry>true</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether the @xtrf and @xtrc debugging attributes are generated in the
              temporary files. Allowed values: "true" (default) - Enables generation of debugging
              attributes "false" - Disables generation of debugging attributes </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>link-crawl</entry>
            <entry>topic</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether to crawl only those topic links found in maps, or all
              discovered topic links. Allowed values: "map" "topic" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:chapterContentsDef</entry>
            <entry>chapterTOC</entry>
            <entry>Set ContentsDef to use for formatting chapter TOC (miniTOC) - ignored unless
              mmpdf:includeChapterTOC = 'Y' Sample values: "chapterTOC" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:contentsDef</entry>
            <entry>contents1</entry>
            <entry>Set ContentsDef to use for formatting TOC - ignored if mmpdf:includeTOC = 'N'
              Sample values: "contents1" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:copyImagesToOutput</entry>
            <entry>Y</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to enable copy-image preprocessing step which copies image files to
              $output.dir Allowed values: "Y" (default) "N" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:cropMarks</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to include cropmarks in PDF output Allowed values: "N" (default) "Y"
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:defaultCellVerticalAlignment</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set default vertical aligment of table cell contents Allowed values: "" (default)
              "top" "middle" "bottom" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:defaultImageAlignment</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set default horizontal aligment for images Allowed values: "" (default) "start"
              "center" "end" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:defaultImageUnits</entry>
            <entry>px</entry>
            <entry>Default units for image width/height values if none specified Sample values: "px"
              (default) "pt" "mm" "pc" "cm" "dd" "cc" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:formatDefinitionsAsTable</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to format definitions list as table rather than paragraphs Allowed
              values: "N" (default) "Y" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:formatGlossaryAsTable</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to format glossary as table rather than paragraphs Allowed values: "N"
              (default) "Y" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:formatSectionTitleAsTopicTitle</entry>
            <entry>Y</entry>
            <entry>Set to N to format section title elements as section_title* paragraphs, set to Y
              to format section title elements as topic_title* paragraphs Sample values: "Y"
              (default) "N" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:images.dir</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Folder containing images for notes, defaults to
              ${dita.dir}/plugins/com.miramo.mmpdf/images Sample values: "" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:images.suffix</entry>
            <entry>svg</entry>
            <entry>File extension for images for notes, defaults to svg Sample values: "svg"
              (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:includeBackCover</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to N to suppress inclusion of back cover Allowed values: "N" (default) "Y"
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:includeChapterTOC</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to N to suppress chapter level TOC (minitoc) generation, set to Y to include
              minitoc Allowed values: "Y" "N" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:includeCover</entry>
            <entry>Y</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to include cover page, N to suppress cover generation Allowed values:
              "Y" (default) "N" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:includeIndex</entry>
            <entry>Y</entry>
            <entry>Set to N to suppress index generation Allowed values: "Y" (default) "N" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:includeTOC</entry>
            <entry>Y</entry>
            <entry>Set to N to suppress Table of Contents generation Allowed values: "Y" (default)
              "N" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:indexDef</entry>
            <entry>index1</entry>
            <entry>Set IndexDef to use for formatting index - ignored if no indexterms or
              mmpdf:includeIndex = 'N' Sample values: "index1" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:jobID</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set jobID (MiramoEnterprise only)</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:localization-strings.dir</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Location of configuration folder containing langlist.xml and *.xml language
              files</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:logMetrics</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to create a metrics report detailing format definitions which are used
              but not defined in the specified MFD template Allowed values: "N" (default) "Y"
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:metadataprecedence</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set to 'topic' to allow topic metadata data element values to override equivalent
              map metadata data element values. Default is 'map', where topic metadata is only used
              where no equivalent map data is defined Allowed values: "" (default) "map" "topic"
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:mfd.dir</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Folder containing Miramo MFD template file, defaults to
              ${dita.dir}/plugins/com.miramo.mmpdf/mmtemplates Sample values: "" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:pdfType</entry>
            <entry>untagged</entry>
            <entry>Set to UA to create structured PDF Allowed values: "untagged" (default) "UA"
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:processGroup</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set processing channel group number or name for this job (MiramoEnterprise
              only)</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:showStatus</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to highlight @status attributes; N for production Allowed values: "N"
              (default) "Y" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:shrinkImagesToFit</entry>
            <entry>N</entry>
            <entry>Set to Y to shrink overlarge images with no @width or @height to fit container
              width/height Allowed values: "N" (default) "Y" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:tableBorders</entry>
            <entry>fromDITA</entry>
            <entry>Set table border properties fromDITA (support @frame, @colsep and @rowsep) or
              fromTblDef (use TblDef rulings) Sample values: "fromDITA" (default) "fromTblDef"
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:userVariable1</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set xslt user variable value 'userVariable1' for use in customizations Sample
              values: "" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:userVariable2</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Set xslt user variable value 'userVariable2' for use in customizations Sample
              values: "" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>mmpdf:whiteSpaceMode</entry>
            <entry>trimLeadingNewlines</entry>
            <entry>By default, leading newline characters in paragraph text sections are trimmed;
              set to 'preserve' to treat as whitespace Sample values: "trimLeadingNewlines"
              (default) "preserve" </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>onlytopic.in.map</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether files that are linked to, or referenced with a @conref
              attribute, generate output. Allowed values: "true" "false" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>outer.control</entry>
            <entry>warn</entry>
            <entry>Specifies how DITA-OT handles content files that are not located in or below the
              directory containing the master DITA map. Allowed values: "fail" - Fail quickly if
              files are going to be generated or copied outside of the directory. "warn" (default) -
              Complete the operation if files will be generated or copied outside of the directory,
              but log a warning. "quiet" - Quietly finish without generating warnings or errors.
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>processing-mode</entry>
            <entry>lax</entry>
            <entry>Specifies how DITA-OT handles errors and error recovery. Allowed values: "strict"
              - When an error is encountered, DITA-OT stops processing "lax" (default) - When an
              error is encountered, DITA-OT attempts to recover from it "skip" - When an error is
              encountered, DITA-OT continues processing but does not attempt error recovery </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>remove-broken-links</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
            <entry>Remove broken related links. Allowed values: "true" "false" (default) </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>root-chunk-override</entry>
            <entry/>
            <entry>Override for map chunk attribute value.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>validate</entry>
            <entry>true</entry>
            <entry>Specifies whether DITA-OT validates the content. Allowed values: "true" (default)
              "false" </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </conbody>
</concept>
