<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="dita-equation-domain-mathml-support">
  <title>DITA equation domain (&lt;mathml&gt;) support</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>The plugin supports the following DITA math elements: </p>
    <ul id="ul_wqd_dj3_ghb">
      <li>&lt;equation-block><p>Use the &lt;equation-block&gt; element to represent an equation that is presented as a
        separate block within a text flow. Block equations can be numbered. &lt;equation-block&gt;
        elements are wrapped in an 'equation-block' FontDef.</p></li>
      
      <li>equation-figure<p>Use the &lt;equation-figure&gt; element to represent an equation that functions as form of
        figure or display. Display equations are intended to be numbered when numbering is desired.
        &lt;equation-figure&gt; equations are wrapped in a 'equation-figure' table, which allows for
        different numbering sequences for equation titles.</p></li>
      
      <li>equation-inline<p>Use the &lt;equation-inline&gt; element to represent an equation that is presented inline
        within a paragraph or similar context. Inline equations are not intended to be numbered.
        &lt;equation-inline&gt; equations are wrapped in an 'equation-inline' FontDef.</p></li>
      
    </ul>
    <p>'equation-inline' and 'equation-block' FontDefs may be used to set default font
      characteristics (font family, pointsize and text color) for &lt;mathml&gt; equations.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
