<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="files-and-folders">
  <title>Files and folders</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>The <b>com.miramo.mmpdf</b> plugin includes the following files and folders, located in the
      DITA-OT installation folder selected during installation:</p>
    <p><filepath>&lt;dita-ot-installdir>/plugins/com.miramo.mmpdf/</filepath></p>
    <p>Source for <b>com.miramo.mmpdf</b> plugin:</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>cfg/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>XSL stylesheet placeholders and language specific localization strings. <b>Do not
              change the contents of this folder</b> - see <xref
              href="customizing-com-miramo-mmpdf-plugin.dita"/> for information on generating a
            custom plugin based on com.miramo.mmpdf and <xref
              href="ant-build-parameters.dita#ant-build-parameters/mmpdf-localization-strings-dir"
              >mmpdf:localization-strings.dir</xref>
          </p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>com.example.my-mmpdf/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Contains source files for making a specialization of the com.miramo.mmpdf plugin. See
              <xref href="customizing-com-miramo-mmpdf-plugin.dita"/> for more details.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>docs/Miramo_DITA-OT_GettingStarted.pdf</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>This document</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>images/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Images used by the com.miramo.mmpdf plugin</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>integration/oxygen/MiramoPDF.scenarios</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>The oXygen transformation scenario for producing a PDF from the currently edited DITA
            file. Import into your oXygen tool using Options-&gt;import transformations</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>integration/xmetal/*</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Files needed for integrating with XMetaL.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>logos/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Images and logos used by the com.miramo.mmpdf plugin</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>mmtemplates/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Miramo Format Definitions default template for DITA publishing:</p>
          <p>Miramo Format Definitions templates are XML files which can be edited using the
            MiramoPDF GUI template design tool, <b>MiramoDesigner</b>. </p>
          <p><b>default.mfd</b></p>
          <p>default template used for publishing DITA content out of the box</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>samples/flowers/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>The oXygen DITA flowers sample</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>samples/taskbook/</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>A modified version of the DITA-OT taskbook (IT book) sample</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>xsl</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>XSL stylesheets for mapping DITA to MiramoXML</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dita2mm.cmd</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Command script for preprocessing a DITA input file to MiramoXML, ready for rendering to
            PDF. Called by:</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dita2mmpdf.cmd</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>Command script for running the flowers demo, or for producing a PDF from a specified
            DITA map.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>build_dita2mmpdf.xml</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>XML file which contains the ant targets for performing topicmerge and translating the
            DITA content to MiramoXML (Miramo Simple Markup, which represents the document content),
            and for rendering that document content to PDF using the format definitions in the MFD
            template.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
  </conbody>
</concept>
