<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="make-oXygen-content-completion-present-outputclass-values">
  <title>Configuring <ph keyref="DitaTool"/>'s content completion to present <ph keyref="MiramoPDF"
    /> @outputclass values</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>The <ph keyref="plugin"/> includes a file named <codeph>cc_config_miramo.xml</codeph>. This
        file contains entries like this:</p>
      <codeblock>&lt;match elementName="p" attributeName="outputclass">
  &lt;items action="append">
    &lt;item value="mmpdf:span" annotation="Spans title across all columns in multi-column document"/>
    &lt;item value="mmpdf:pageBreak" annotation="breaks page before title/p/note paragraph"/>
    &lt;item value="mmpdf:columnBreak" annotation="force title/p/note paragraph to top of next column 
        (or page, for singlecolumn documents)"/>
    &lt;item value="mmpdf:section:name" annotation="start new section using SectionDef 'name'. 
        SectionDef is defined in the MFD template"/>
  &lt;/items>
&lt;/match></codeblock>
      <p>These <xmlelement>match</xmlelement> entries allow content completion for the MiramoPDF
        @outputclass values.</p><p>To configure <ph keyref="DitaTool"/>'s content completion, it is necessary to copy and paste the
          <xmlelement>match</xmlelement> elements contained in this file to the <codeph>cc_config.xml</codeph> file
        within the <ph keyref="oxygen"/> DITA framework.</p>
      <p>This file is usually located in
          <codeph><i>[OXYGEN_INSTALL_DIR]</i>/frameworks/dita/resources/cc_config.xml</codeph>.</p>
      <note>Some implementations require a custom framework extension. In this case, you should paste
        the <xmlelement>match</xmlelement> element into the <codeph>cc_config.xml</codeph> file
        within the custom framework extension.</note></context>
    <steps id="steps_ev2_2kz_lqb">
      <step>
        <cmd>Open the <codeph>cc_config_miramo.xml</codeph> file.</cmd>
        <info><p>The <codeph>cc_config_miramo.xml</codeph> file is located
            here:</p><filepath>[oxygen_install_dir]/frameworks/dita/DITA-OT3.x/plugins/com.miramo.mmpdf/integration/oxygen/
            cc_config_miramo.xml</filepath></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Copy the entries inside the <codeph>&lt;config&gt;</codeph> root element.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Paste the entries at the beginning of the <ph keyref="oxygen"> </ph>DITA framework
            <codeph>cc_config.xml</codeph> file.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>This file is located at
              <codeph><i>[OXYGEN_INSTALL_DIR]</i>/frameworks/dita/resources/cc_config.xml</codeph>.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq id="postreq_wjr_mkz_lqb">
      <note id="note_gpx_hm5_3qb">It may be necessary to repeat this process when the <ph
          keyref="plugin"/> is upgraded if new outputclass values are introduced.</note>
      <p>See <xref
          href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/doc/versions/23.1/ug-editor/topics/configuring-content-completion-proposals.html"
          format="html" scope="external">www.oxygenxml.com</xref> for more information on content
        completion.</p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
