<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="upgrading-existing-mfd-files">
  <title>Upgrading existing MFD files</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>Several new features and improvements have been introduced in version 2.0 of the MiramoPDF
      DITA-OT plugin, some of which have implications for upgrading existing MFD template files.</p>
    <p>For example, the interparagraph spacing mode has changed since version 1.4 to remove
      inconsistencies. In the new version, spacing between paragraphs is exclusively controlled
      using @spaceAbove and @spaceBelow. If the values of these attributes is 0, there will be no
      space between paragraphs.</p>
    <p>As a consequence the @spaceBelow values in ParaDef format definitions with a non-zero
      @leading value in MFD templates need to be adjusted to achieve the correct interparagraph
      spacing.</p>
    <p>If you are using oXygen, a new transformation scenario 'MiramoPDF 2.0.0 MFD upgrade' has been
      added to streamline the upgrade process. See <xref
        href="using-oxygen-miramopdf-mfd-upgrade-transformation.dita"/> for more information.
      Alternatively the MiramoPDF distribution includes a command line utility 'mfdupgrade.cmd'
      which automates the upgrade process. </p>
    <p>Running the automated upgrade process on an MFD file '<b>filename</b>.mfd' results in a new
      MFD file '<b>filename_upgraded.mfd</b>'. Once you are happy with the results of the upgrade,
      this may be used in place of the original MFD file (but it is recommended that you make a
      backup copy first).</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
