<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="upgrading-miramo-dita-ot-plugin">
  <title>Upgrading the <ph keyref="plugin"/></title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
    <p>These instructions are for Windows only. </p>
      <p>For all other platforms, remove the <codeph>com.miramo.mmpdf</codeph> folder from the
        target DITA-OT plugins folder and install the new version as described <xref
          href="installing-from-archive.dita"/>.</p></context>
    <steps id="steps_azc_j4z_lqb">
      <step>
        <cmd>On Windows, double-click on the <codeph>MiramoDITA-OTplugin<ph keyref="version"
              />p<i>NNN</i>setup.exe</codeph> and navigate to the DITA-OT install root folder.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <p>If you wish to install multiple versions of the plugin, navigate to a different DITA-OT
            folder and choose to proceed without uninstalling the previous version when
            prompted.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Install</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <p> If the target DITA-OT folder already contains an instance of the <ph keyref="plugin"
            />, <codeph>com.miramo.mmpdf</codeph>, the installer will automatically uninstall the
            existing com.miramo.mmpdf plugin from the DITA-OT plugins folder, and existing
            configuration files and XSL stylesheets in the com.miramo.mmpdf folder will be
            overwritten.</p>
          <p>If you have made changes to the 'default.mfd' template file located in the
            com.miramo.mmpdf\mmtemplates folder, the installer will make a backup copy of the
            'default.mfd' to 'default-pre&lt;vs&gt;mfd', where &lt;vs&gt; is the version being
            installed. For example: <ph keyref="version"/>p099. </p>
          <p>Any other MFD files located in the mmtemplates folder will be left unchanged.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq id="postreq_ub3_x4z_lqb">
      <note type="important">Once the installation has completed, upgrade any existing MFD files.
        See <xref href="upgrading-existing-mfd-files.dita"/>.</note>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
